[processor/transform] Add common where clause (#31491)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/transformprocessor/README.md

  error_mode: ignore
  <trace|metric|log>_statements:
    - context: string

>       conditions: 

Reviewer: Did you consider naming this configuration property `where` instead of `conditions`? The name `where` seems to nicely point out what it does in relation to the actual OTTL. Although `conditions` isn't bad. What do you think @TylerHelmuth @evan-bradley?

I suppose a good thing about `conditions` is that implies a list, whereas `where` does not. Also, when sorting alphabetically, `conditions` comes before `statements`, which helps make it harder to miss it. :smile:

Reviewer 2: I was thinking about its relation to `filterottl` and the underlying struct using `Conditions` as the name, but I can see a case for `where` as well.

Reviewer 3: >I suppose a good thing about `conditions` is that implies a list, whereas `where` does not.

I see arguments on both sides about the name, but in my opinion this point should be the tiebreaker. In the absence of any editor/IDE hints to the user about the type of this, I think we should lean toward using pluralization to indicate that this is a list. Unfortunately `wheres` doesn't sound great, so I think `conditions` is probably the best we can do.

| metric_statements | `resource`, `scope`, `metric`, and `datapoint` |
| log_statements    | `resource`, `scope`, and `log`                 |

> Valid values for `conditions` are multiple where clause, which will be processed as global conditons for defined `context`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`conditions` is a list comprised of multiple where clauses, which will be processed as global conditions for the accompanying set of statements.
```

```yaml
transform:
  error_mode: ignore
  metric_statements:
    - context: metric
      conditions: 

>         - type == "Sum"
>       statements:
>         - set(description, "Sum")

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - type == METRIC_DATA_TYPE_SUM
      statements:
        - set(description, "Sum")
```
Nit, just want to make sure these are as accurate as possible.
